hi in this video I will show you how you
can bring your character to life so
first I'm going to generate the
character you saw in the
intro in my case I want a manga anime
inspired pixel art character so that's
what I'm going to write in my text
description so the first result is
pretty good but I think we can do better
so what I will do is I'm going to remove
these
shoulders and then what I will do
is I will use this character as my init
image and
then generate again using this image and
this is a good
technique uh when you got something
that's pretty good but you want it to be
even better then I highly recommend
using init
images now it's still not perfect I
think it's a bit too messy at the
shoulders so I'm going to just remove
all the wrinkles and then I'm going to
use it as init image and uh that should
uh fix most of these things
up and yeah I accidentally removed the
the description so I had to rewrite it
again
all right now I have my character so let
me show you how you can change the
expression of your
character and by you do that by using
the inpainting
tool so here I'm going to inpaint the uh
the mouth of the
character and it's important to describe
the whole image and not just what you're
inpainting so in this
case I will write a
a woman who is
smiling instead of just uh smiling for
example now this is pretty good but I
think the lips uh have changed a bit too
much in the in
color so what I will do here is
use in it
image and hopefully that will tell the
model what color the of the lips are
behind the
impeding and now we got a a bit of a
creepy smile
instead uh still not what I want so what
I'm going to do is I'm going to first
retry and see if that
helps but if that doesn't help I'm going
to try some different init image
strengths
and if that doesn't work either uh the
final solution is to go in change the
color of the lips a little bit of the uh
the good smiling uh face and then use
that as a init
image and that is actually what I will
eventually end up
doing instead of just uh doing retries
over and over
again I think that's
sometimes it's
like it's faster just to help the model
out a bit and sometimes it's uh just
works automatically after like one or
two retries so here you can see me uh
fixing the color of the lips yes so the
uh the init image isn't confusing uh for
the model
so what we can do then when we have
created all these um different
Expressions is that we can interpolate
between them using the animation tool
and that is what you will see me do
later uh of course you can also just use
the start image and then just generate
away but I find it's much better when
you have a starting image and a like the
first frame and the last frame and then
you generate two frames in
between uh because then you get like the
all the uh all the frames in between and
then you can decide like what kind of
frame rate you want and uh you can also
use in painting to just change some
parts of the
image when this generation is done I
will show you how you can generate a
talking
animation so because this character is
128 by
128 I'm going to use the paint in
selection and then select a 64x 64 area
which will be the phas as you can see
here I'm going to set the reference
image on the first frame then I'm going
to add two empty frames which I will be
generating the interpetation frames like
the frames in between the first and the
last I'm going to set up all my settings
so they fit what I'm trying to
do then I will click generate and it's
done all
right thank you for watching the video I
hope you found it
useful and if you have any questions
feel free to leave a comment and I will
do my best to uh answer
them e